hey everyone this is Vincent win for
SlashGear this is the new blackberry
torch powered by rims new operating
system so let's go ahead and unbox the
torch
PR promo material split that aside and
go straight to the torture this is what
the box looks like nothing too exciting
rethink possible so the poor things that
is featuring the torches text messaging
social networking web browser touch
screen that's capacitive Wi-Fi and a
camera it's fine megapixel by the way oh
great an ATT sim card is also included
for me alright so here is the torch 9800
texting and driving it can wait there's
5 megapixel camera on the back and an
LED flash it's got 3.2 inch capacitive
display you've got your talk menu key
skate back and in foam trackpad speaker
lock button let's see what else let's
cover you and a micro USB port that's
three-and-a-half millimeter jack volume
up rocker dedicated camera button slide
up is a physical QWERTY keyboard that's
a really nice feedback as you type it's
raised so really helps you to
differentiate the different keys let's
slide the back off to put the battery in
and of course the SIM card first of all
that is a 4 gigabyte micro-sd sim card a
memory card let me get the sim card and
so I can put it into the torch let's see
where it goes
other stuff in the box Quick Start Guide
user guide safety stuff here's the power
adapter really small wow this is very
unconventional round not that you use
your brake power cord headset and that's
the micro USB cable you use that to sync
and charge the torch with it and there's
the battery Wow very small
so let's go ahead and put the battery in
that's how I should go so once I close
the cover I'm going to just boot it up
and let you see the boot up screen and
walk you through not really walk you
through but can I show you the start
screen and perhaps there's a demo video
that I can just load up for you to watch
so with that thank you very much for
watching this unboxing of the blackberry
torch make sure to check out my review
on slashgear calm once again just as
Vincent win four slash gear